content/pages/blog/karstens-lab-at-2023-augs-pfd-week.md, before:

---
type: PostLayout
title: Karstens lab at 2023 AUGS PFD Week
date: '2023-10-04'
author: content/data/person1.json
excerpt: >-
  Facilisis dui. Nulla molestie risus in mi dapibus, eget porta lorem semper.
  Donec sed facilisis nibh.
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: >-
    /images/featured_hu6d097a554a6fe071e19d8e82e1241dcd_910733_680x500_fill_q90_lanczos_center_3.png
  altText: Thumbnail
  elementId: ''
  styles:
    self:
      padding:
        - pt-0
        - pl-0
        - pb-0
        - pr-0
bottomSections: []
slug: Karstens-lab-at-2023-AUGS-PFD-Week
isFeatured: false
isDraft: false
seo:
  type: Seo
  metaTitle: lorem-ipsum
  metaDescription: lorem-ipsum
  addTitleSuffix: false
  metaTags: []
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: col
---
At the 2023 American Urogynecologic Society (AUGS) Pelvic Floor Disorders Week, the Karstens lab presented recent work on the urinary microbiome.

Dr. JP Gourdine (now at Lewis & Clark College) presented work completed in the Karstens Lab in his talk entitled “Altered urinary free oligosaccharides in postmenopausal women with dry overactive bladder.” Collaborator Nicki Diaz, MD from Duke University presented “Associations between Lactobacilli, menopause and vaginal estrogen use”. She won the Best Resident/Student paper for this work. She also presented a poster on “Comparison of Host Depletion Protocols and Sequencing Techniques for Urinary Microbiome”.

Stay tuned for more information on these projects, which will be deposited as preprints soon!

Commit message:

karstens-lab-at-2023-augs-pfd-week.md: updated excerpt

content/pages/blog/karstens-lab-at-2023-augs-pfd-week.md, after:

---
type: PostLayout
title: Karstens lab at 2023 AUGS PFD Week
date: '2023-10-04'
author: content/data/person1.json
excerpt: >-
  At the 2023 American Urogynecologic Society (AUGS) Pelvic Floor Disorders
  Week, the Karstens lab presented recent work on the urinary microbiome.
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: >-
    /images/featured_hu6d097a554a6fe071e19d8e82e1241dcd_910733_680x500_fill_q90_lanczos_center_3.png
  altText: Thumbnail
  elementId: ''
  styles:
    self:
      padding:
        - pt-0
        - pl-0
        - pb-0
        - pr-0
bottomSections: []
slug: Karstens-lab-at-2023-AUGS-PFD-Week
isFeatured: false
isDraft: false
seo:
  type: Seo
  metaTitle: lorem-ipsum
  metaDescription: lorem-ipsum
  addTitleSuffix: false
  metaTags: []
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: col
---
At the 2023 American Urogynecologic Society (AUGS) Pelvic Floor Disorders Week, the Karstens lab presented recent work on the urinary microbiome.

Dr. JP Gourdine (now at Lewis & Clark College) presented work completed in the Karstens Lab in his talk entitled “Altered urinary free oligosaccharides in postmenopausal women with dry overactive bladder.” Collaborator Nicki Diaz, MD from Duke University presented “Associations between Lactobacilli, menopause and vaginal estrogen use”. She won the Best Resident/Student paper for this work. She also presented a poster on “Comparison of Host Depletion Protocols and Sequencing Techniques for Urinary Microbiome”.

Stay tuned for more information on these projects, which will be deposited as preprints soon!
