content/pages/blog/karstens-lab-at-2023-augs-pfd.md, before:

---
type: PostLayout
title: Karstens lab at 2023 AUGS PFD Week
date: '2023-10-04'
author: content/data/person1.json
excerpt: >-
  Facilisis dui. Nulla molestie risus in mi dapibus, eget porta lorem semper.
  Donec sed facilisis nibh.
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: >-
    /images/featured_hu6d097a554a6fe071e19d8e82e1241dcd_910733_680x500_fill_q90_lanczos_center_3.png
  altText: Thumbnail
  elementId: ''
  styles:
    self:
      padding:
        - pt-0
        - pl-0
        - pb-0
        - pr-0
bottomSections:
  - type: DividerSection
    title: Divider
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-3
          - pl-3
          - pb-3
          - pr-3
  - type: GenericSection
    title:
      type: TitleBlock
      text: How can we help?
      color: text-dark
    subtitle: Section with a form subtitle
    text: |-
      Aenean eros ipsum, interdum quis dignissim non, sollicitudin vitae nisl.
      Aenean vel aliquet elit, at blandit ipsum. Sed eleifend felis sit amet
      erat molestie, hendrerit malesuada justo ultrices. Nunc volutpat at erat
      vitae interdum. Ut nec massa eget lorem blandit condimentum et at risus.
    actions: []
    media:
      type: FormBlock
      fields:
        - type: TextFormControl
          name: name
          label: Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your name
          isRequired: true
          width: full
        - type: EmailFormControl
          name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your email
          isRequired: true
          width: full
        - type: TextareaFormControl
          name: message
          label: Message
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your message
          width: full
      submitButton:
        type: SubmitButtonFormControl
        label: Submit
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
      elementId: contact-form
      styles:
        self:
          padding:
            - pt-6
            - pb-6
            - pl-6
            - pr-6
          borderColor: border-dark
          borderStyle: solid
          borderWidth: 1
          borderRadius: large
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
slug: Karstens-lab-at-2023-AUGS-PFD
isFeatured: false
isDraft: false
seo:
  type: Seo
  metaTitle: lorem-ipsum
  metaDescription: lorem-ipsum
  addTitleSuffix: false
  metaTags: []
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: row
---
At the 2023 American Urogynecologic Society (AUGS) Pelvic Floor Disorders Week, the Karstens lab presented recent work on the urinary microbiome.

Dr. JP Gourdine (now at Lewis & Clark College) presented work completed in the Karstens Lab in his talk entitled “Altered urinary free oligosaccharides in postmenopausal women with dry overactive bladder.” Collaborator Nicki Diaz, MD from Duke University presented “Associations between Lactobacilli, menopause and vaginal estrogen use”. She won the Best Resident/Student paper for this work. She also presented a poster on “Comparison of Host Depletion Protocols and Sequencing Techniques for Urinary Microbiome”.

Stay tuned for more information on these projects, which will be deposited as preprints soon!

Commit message:

karstens-lab-at-2023-augs-pfd.md: updated excerpt

content/pages/blog/karstens-lab-at-2023-augs-pfd.md, after:

---
type: PostLayout
title: Karstens lab at 2023 AUGS PFD Week
date: '2023-10-04'
author: content/data/person1.json
excerpt: >-
  At the 2023 American Urogynecologic Society (AUGS) Pelvic Floor Disorders
  Week, the Karstens lab presented recent work on the urinary microbiome.
featuredImage:
  type: ImageBlock
  url: >-
    /images/featured_hu6d097a554a6fe071e19d8e82e1241dcd_910733_680x500_fill_q90_lanczos_center_3.png
  altText: Thumbnail
  elementId: ''
  styles:
    self:
      padding:
        - pt-0
        - pl-0
        - pb-0
        - pr-0
bottomSections:
  - type: DividerSection
    title: Divider
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-3
          - pl-3
          - pb-3
          - pr-3
  - type: GenericSection
    title:
      type: TitleBlock
      text: How can we help?
      color: text-dark
    subtitle: Section with a form subtitle
    text: |-
      Aenean eros ipsum, interdum quis dignissim non, sollicitudin vitae nisl.
      Aenean vel aliquet elit, at blandit ipsum. Sed eleifend felis sit amet
      erat molestie, hendrerit malesuada justo ultrices. Nunc volutpat at erat
      vitae interdum. Ut nec massa eget lorem blandit condimentum et at risus.
    actions: []
    media:
      type: FormBlock
      fields:
        - type: TextFormControl
          name: name
          label: Name
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your name
          isRequired: true
          width: full
        - type: EmailFormControl
          name: email
          label: Email
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your email
          isRequired: true
          width: full
        - type: TextareaFormControl
          name: message
          label: Message
          hideLabel: true
          placeholder: Your message
          width: full
      submitButton:
        type: SubmitButtonFormControl
        label: Submit
        icon: arrowRight
        iconPosition: right
        style: primary
      elementId: contact-form
      styles:
        self:
          padding:
            - pt-6
            - pb-6
            - pl-6
            - pr-6
          borderColor: border-dark
          borderStyle: solid
          borderWidth: 1
          borderRadius: large
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
slug: Karstens-lab-at-2023-AUGS-PFD
isFeatured: false
isDraft: false
seo:
  type: Seo
  metaTitle: lorem-ipsum
  metaDescription: lorem-ipsum
  addTitleSuffix: false
  metaTags: []
colors: bg-light-fg-dark
styles:
  self:
    flexDirection: row
---
At the 2023 American Urogynecologic Society (AUGS) Pelvic Floor Disorders Week, the Karstens lab presented recent work on the urinary microbiome.

Dr. JP Gourdine (now at Lewis & Clark College) presented work completed in the Karstens Lab in his talk entitled “Altered urinary free oligosaccharides in postmenopausal women with dry overactive bladder.” Collaborator Nicki Diaz, MD from Duke University presented “Associations between Lactobacilli, menopause and vaginal estrogen use”. She won the Best Resident/Student paper for this work. She also presented a poster on “Comparison of Host Depletion Protocols and Sequencing Techniques for Urinary Microbiome”.

Stay tuned for more information on these projects, which will be deposited as preprints soon!
