content/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
slug: /
sections:
  - type: GenericSection
    title:
      text: Karstens Lab
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: Microbiome Bioinformatics
    text: >
      The Karstens Lab is an interdisciplinary group at [Oregon Health & Science
      University](www.ohsu.edu) in the Department of Medical Informatics,
      Division of Bioinformatics and Computational Biomedicine. We study the
      human microbiome and its relationship to health and disease using
      high-throughput sequencing and analytical chemistry approaches. We
      specialize in the urinary microbiome and other low microbial biomass
      niches, but also have projects involving the gut microbiome.
    actions: []
    media:
      url: /images/user-full-2.jpg
      altText: Unblock your team boost your time to production preview
      elementId: ''
      type: ImageBlock
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        alignItems: center
        flexDirection: row
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pb-16
          - pr-16
  - type: FeaturedItemsSection
    title:
      text: Skills
      color: text-dark
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: We specialize in the following
    items:
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: Microbiome Analysis
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/microbiome.svg
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: R Software
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/R_logo.svg.png
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: Data Analysis
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/generated-svg-image.svg
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: Bioinformatics
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/bioinformatic.svg
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
    actions: []
    elementId: ''
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-neutral-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pb-16
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pr-16
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
        fontWeight: 400
  - posts:
      - content/pages/blog/case-study-1.md
      - content/pages/blog/case-study-2.md
      - content/pages/blog/case-study-3.md
    showThumbnail: true
    showDate: true
    showAuthor: true
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pb-16
          - pr-16
        justifyContent: center
    type: FeaturedPostsSection
    hoverEffect: move-up
  - title: Divider
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-7
          - pl-7
          - pb-7
          - pr-7
    type: DividerSection
seo:
  metaTitle: Home - Demo site
  metaDescription: This demo site is built with Netlify Create.
  socialImage: /images/main-hero.jpg
  type: Seo
type: PageLayout
---

Commit message:

index.md: updated title in sections

content/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
slug: /
sections:
  - type: GenericSection
    title:
      text: Karstens Lab
      color: text-dark
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: Microbiome Bioinformatics
    text: >
      The Karstens Lab is an interdisciplinary group at [Oregon Health & Science
      University](www.ohsu.edu) in the Department of Medical Informatics,
      Division of Bioinformatics and Computational Biomedicine. We study the
      human microbiome and its relationship to health and disease using
      high-throughput sequencing and analytical chemistry approaches. We
      specialize in the urinary microbiome and other low microbial biomass
      niches, but also have projects involving the gut microbiome.
    actions: []
    media:
      url: /images/user-full-2.jpg
      altText: Unblock your team boost your time to production preview
      elementId: ''
      type: ImageBlock
    elementId: ''
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        alignItems: center
        flexDirection: row
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pb-16
          - pr-16
  - type: FeaturedItemsSection
    title:
      text: Skills
      color: text-dark
      styles:
        self:
          textAlign: center
      type: TitleBlock
    subtitle: We specialize in the following
    items:
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: Microbiome Analysis
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/microbiome.svg
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: R Software
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/R_logo.svg.png
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: Data Analysis
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/generated-svg-image.svg
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
      - type: FeaturedItem
        title: Bioinformatics
        tagline: ''
        subtitle: ''
        text: ''
        image:
          type: ImageBlock
          url: /images/bioinformatic.svg
          altText: Placeholder text
          styles:
            self:
              borderRadius: x-large
        actions: []
        colors: bg-light-fg-dark
        styles:
          self:
            padding:
              - pt-8
              - pl-8
              - pb-8
              - pr-8
            borderRadius: x-large
            flexDirection: row
    actions: []
    elementId: ''
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-neutral-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pb-16
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pr-16
        justifyContent: center
      subtitle:
        textAlign: center
        fontWeight: 400
  - posts:
      - content/pages/blog/case-study-1.md
      - content/pages/blog/case-study-2.md
      - content/pages/blog/case-study-3.md
    showThumbnail: true
    showDate: true
    showAuthor: true
    variant: three-col-grid
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-16
          - pl-16
          - pb-16
          - pr-16
        justifyContent: center
    type: FeaturedPostsSection
    hoverEffect: move-up
    title:
      type: TitleBlock
      text: This Is A Big Headline
      color: text-dark
  - title: Divider
    colors: bg-light-fg-dark
    styles:
      self:
        padding:
          - pt-7
          - pl-7
          - pb-7
          - pr-7
    type: DividerSection
seo:
  metaTitle: Home - Demo site
  metaDescription: This demo site is built with Netlify Create.
  socialImage: /images/main-hero.jpg
  type: Seo
type: PageLayout
---
